Hannah Roach came to the Rosine inJanuary 1855. Her Father Patrick Roach lives[Number] 14 Jones Alley. He buys oranges Fruit etc and carriesa basket to the cars the wharf etc. She haslived a while in several places. One was witha Mrs Page Arch below 2nd - Last summershe was at home and became acquainted withseveral bad Girls two of whom took her down tothe Wharf, and onto a vessel where it appearsthey had engaged to bring a fresh victim to thecaptain, and there deliberately bargained withhim for each of them to have 5.00. and she sayshe gave them the money, and gave her $45.00.He was alone on board. His name wasRosemond - The vessel the Elizabeth Georgia -After her ruin was consummated they allleft the vessel together - She told her Mothershe had found the money - They afterwardstook her to the Theatre, to learn to danceand act, and went for a week but she staidone evening and saw the Actresses paintingand dressing up for the Stage, which disgustedher so much that she did not go any more.As she came from there the last evening a Policeofficer stopped her in the street, and she says madeinfamous proposals to her, and on her refusing,he threatened to arrest her, and at last didarrest her, and took her before [Alderman Mitchel]who committed her to the Station inCherry Street. She staid there till mornwhen the Alderman let her go. Afterwards,some of the persons who she had told what hehad said, told him, and he arrested heragain as she was going along quietly, andtold her if she exposed him thus, andwould not comply with his wishes he wouldarrest her again - She again refusedhim, & he then arrested her, and she wascommitted to the Station House once more.In the morning as they were taking her to theAldermans, Richard Price saw her, andpitied her, as she was crying as they tookher to the Office and through his efforts &interest she was placed in the Rosine -Hannah was 15 years old, August 1854 andwill be 1857 when she will be free -