[Crossed out: 18]It is pleasant after having to record severalnames that have not given the satisfaction we desired,to speak of Ann Tompkins. Her name was Emerson. HerFather, a respectable Friend in Norfolk, [Virginia]. In her 17th yearshe was addressed by J. Tomkins, also a member of Friends -At this period, Fanny Wright in the height of her popularitywas dissimenating her views upon matrimony, and theseyoung people coming under her influence, they imbibed viewswhich proved the bane of their after lives. Ann loved, fondly,devotedly, and these specious doctrines, repeated by thelips she loved, were so plausible, that with the thoughtlessnessand trustfulness of childhood, she left her home. Shecame the unwedded wife of one, whose principles beingthus weakened towards one of the holiest ties of life,gradually sank into a course of unrestrained profligacyand intemperance. He was a Merchant in Baltimorein good business, but lost his business, and property by hisexcesses - One of his Mistresses brought her babe and leftit at the door; telling Ann, that if "she had the Man sheshould have his Child." She took it, and nursed &loved it with a Mothers affection, and after thedeath of his Father, still kept the Boy, untill forcedby her poverty to resign him to other hands -19A true and faithful wife to Tomkins, throughevery trial, she followed him from one scene of dissipationto another, to snatch, and save him fromthe destruction he seemed constantly to be seeking, inhis mad course of folly, and of crime, and bathed hisbrow, and wept over is dying bed - He left her inpoverty - she had never learned to work - for a whileshe struggled to gain a living by her needle, but in vain,and hearing of the Magdalen Asylum she appliedand was [received] there - She went from there to one,or two families, but soon returned to the Magdalen.An unpleasant circumstance occurring there, she left,and went to the Almshouse, where she remainednine month, when she came to the Rosine, where shestaid, (giving great satisfaction by her Conduct) twomonths, when she took Esther Hagertys place in thefamily of M Townsend. While in the Almshouse, hermind became awakened to the necessity of religionand the importance of making her peace while itwas yet day - She now seems desirous of becominga true Christian, and acting in all things consistentlytherewith - August 12th 1848