April 4th [underlined] 1853 [/underlined]Jane Crump is the Daughter of Peter Gallenwho kept a Hotel in 7th below Market. She wasmarried when a little past 14, to David Cowen, a Jew.He was a travelling Jeweler, and with him she led a wanderinglife from City to City for seven years. When he diedhe left her $30.000 and two children - One evening asshe was walking alone a Man accosted her andshe replied supposing him to be an acquaintanceFinding he was a stranger, she hesitated, and refusedto let him go home with her, but he followed, andthe next evening called to see her - His visits werecontinued, and after a while an improper connectioncommenced, which has continued for two years.During his absence she went to Ann Garretts assignationHouse, and there met another Man, withwhom she was on the same terms, and was connectedwith him three years - She then married[William Henry Crump], and lived with him 6 years.She was correct in her conduct while shelived with both husbands, but was extravagantand careless of money - During the two years shelived with one of these Men, she says she [received] between4 & 5 thousand dollars from him, andspent it all rapidly and heedlessly - During thetime she became in the family way, and at hisinstigation took drugs to remove the incumbranceThey produced great suffering but [Crossed out: did] not [Crossed out: produce]the effect. She then went to New York, andwas operated upon by a Doctor there, who chargedher $150.000 and staid with a Woman whocharged $20.00 [per] week - She paid the Nurse 6 1/2week, and her board beside, and the Gentlemanpaid the whole, which amounted to a considerableBill - But her health was ruined, &she suffered greatly for a long time - TheGentleman about this time became converted &sent her $500.00 to get rid of her - Soon aftershe married Crump - He was a Master Builderin Camden and she soon discovered he was idleand dissipated and after they lived six years togetherhe went to New orleans taking nearly the lastof her money with him - She has heard he went toCalifornia but she knows nothing of him - Sheburied two of her children soon after, and hadto struggle for the support of two more - Her povertyforced her among such people as she had neverknown before and surrounded by troubles and temptationsshe began to drink and sank down amongthe lowest and most degraded - One of her childrenwas adopted by a Mrs Watson. (a Girl) -The Boy is in the Union School. Her beautyhas passed away Her constitution ruined. Hercharacter destroyed, and the Rosine presentsthe only hope to one, who, had her prudence, &virtue been stedfast, might have been an ornamentto Society, and beloved, respectedand independant in her position through life.She has had nine children.